# Puah Siew Wen - Project Portfolio Page for traKCAL

## Overview
* **traKCAL** is a desktop application for managing calorie intake, optimized for use via Command Line Interface (CLI) whilst retaining the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). **traKCAL** can manage your activities faster than traditional GUI applications.

### Summary of Contributions
This section shows a brief overview of my contribution to traKCAL. It includes contributions like code writing, code documentation, UG/DG writing and other contributions for traKCAL. 

#### Code contributed

[contributions](https://nus-cs2113-ay2021s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/#breakdown=true&search=e0425705&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&since=2020-09-27&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other)

#### Enhancements implemented

* I implemented the `add activity`, `edit activity`, `viewing help` and `chaining` enhancements. 

Here are some of their commands: 
>Words that look like THIS are parameters to be input by user
>Words that look like <this> are optional parameters

* `add f/ FOOD_DESCRIPTION c/ CALORIE_COUNT <d/ DATE>` to add a new food activity.
* `add e/ EXERCISE_DESCRIPTION c/ CALORIE_COUNT <d/ DATE>` to add a new exercise activity.
* `edita f/ FOOD_DESCRIPTION c/ CALORIE_COUNT` to edit activity in list.
* `edita f/ EXERCISE_DESCRIPTION c/ CALORIE_COUNT` to edit activity in list.
* `help` to display the help list.

#### Contributions to the User Guide

* I contributed to section 1 (viewing help), section 4 (adding), section 6 (editing), section 11 (chaining) and section 12 (exiting the program) in the user profile as well as overall formatting and proofreading of the User Guide. 

#### Contributions to the Developer Guide

*Which sections did you contribute to the DG? Which UML diagrams did you add/updated?*

#### Contributions to team-based tasks

* Updating user/developer docs that are not specific to a feature

#### Review/mentoring contributions

* I reviewed 42 PRs from the team.
The following are instances of the PRs I reviewed:
[instance 1](https://github.com/AY2021S1-CS2113T-T09-4/tp/pull/71)
[instance 2](https://github.com/AY2021S1-CS2113T-T09-4/tp/pull/106)
[instance 3](https://github.com/AY2021S1-CS2113T-T09-4/tp/pull/245)

#### Contributions beyond the project team

*Evidence of helping others e.g. responses you posted in our forum, bugs you reported in other team's products,*
*Evidence of technical leadership e.g. sharing useful information in the forum*

* I helped test and identify bugs for other teams, the issues I raised can be found [here](https://github.com/e0425705/ped/issues).